Okay.
So now let's discuss that Data sync very quickly, so data
sync allows you to move large amount of data's from
on-premises to AWS.
And you can synchronize the data into Amazon S3, Amazon EFS,
or Amazon FSX for windows.
Now there's some replication tasks and that can be scheduled
regularly, for example,
every hour or every day or every week.
And what's going to happen is that after the first full load
of data from on-premises to AWS,
all the other tasks are going to be incremental.
So look for that word incremental at the exam.
This is going to be a hint.
That data sync is going to be the right insert.
So if we have a look at a diagram,
we have data sync running in AWS,
and we want to migrate or replicate some data from an on
premises server.
So we're going to run the data sync agent on premises,
and then the data sync agent is going to connect to
the data sync servers and send the data directly
into Amazon is free on any storage class
or EFS or FSX for windows file server.
That's it? This is as simple as it is,
and then made sure to keep it very, very simple for you.
So hope you liked it.
And I will see you in the next lecture.